<!-- I have created this file to complete the Group Reflection requirement of the assignment-->

Towards the end of the assignment period, you should reflect as a group on how well you think you have performed in this assignment. 
You should include whatever evidence you may have about the groups processes (such as commit trails from GitHub, 
or project meeting minutes). Each member of the group should contribute up to 200 words about their own perception of the group, 
and the group as a whole should contribute around 400 words. This should include the following attributes.

•	What went well:
I think everyone had a desire to be part of the team, which resulted in all of us pulling our weight in regards to completing tasks.
There wasn't any arguments from anyone, and there wasn't any major disagreemnets in regards to process. I think a major part of the group running so smoothly
Also the early leadership from Jon. Jon took the initiative and created posts that got the group going early. Reading some of the issues that some groups
have been having in regards to people not communicating or particpating, I think the fact the we all worked together went very well.

•	What could be improved:
I think as a group we can find better ways to communicate. That isn't an attack either, I just felt sometimes it was hard to understand what people
meant, or what was required for certain tasks. I also found it hard to follow discussion threads, and see people's responses in the threads. 
I also saw evidence of othe people having the same issue, as som eresponses were not where we would expect them to be. Aaron even went to the length of 
creating a thread specifically for himself as it was difficult for him to find what he needed to do. I still think we communicated very effectively 
given what we have been able to achieve, I just think we could benefit from finding improvements.

•	At least one thing that was surprising:
I was really pleasantly surprised with how well the group worked together. We have all heard the horror stories of group assignments being
a nightmare with people not particpating, or if there are power struggles within the group. I was surprised that this wasn't an issue at all.
I think that's a credit to everyone in our group. Being able to work effectively with strangers and build working relationships is an
extremely valuable skil to have. 

•	At least one thing that you have learned about groups:
I have learned that everyone in the group may work differently and that compromise and patience are needed to work effectively. We all
have lives outside of study and it's important to occasionally remind ourselves that workflow may not go as we hoped. I learned that the
most important thing for a group is undoubtedly communication. I believe that whether the group can communicate effectively 
will determine the group's success

•	Remember to include in your section on Tools how well you think your Github log of activity reflects your group’s work on this assignment.
I mentioned this in a previous post. I think the GitHub log somewhat captures the work of the group. I thin kthe issue with its innacuracy
stems from the fact that the group has also done a lot of work on Canvas too, which is not captured on GitHub. I think its great for documenting
the work that people do specifically on Github but thats the limit.
